"@Marlon: commendable attitude. If you still have it in 18 years, I'll be first in line to work for your canonization. (Grumble grumble, get off my lawn, et cetera)"
"I'm sorry, but I didn't had an eye on this thread. I'm afraid the topic isn't hot anymore!?"
Link is now dead :(
Its really depressing. Ended up with downloading the whole bundle again.
"I was wondering if there was somewhere I could get some starter kit / theme sample for ASP.NET. I am not a designer, but I need to build a prototype for a project, and if I do it myself it'll certainly be awful Do you know where I could find that (ASP.NET specific)?"
"Oh. That's really sad. So It would be only plane menu options with white background., is it?"
"I'm currently having exactly the same issue with Monotouch and that's why I found your question. I get the very same exception as you do. This makes me assume that I'm not facing a Monotouch issue but a basic (mis)behavior of XIBs/Cocoatouch. So the answer is: no, it is not possible. Very sad though. René"
I'm not sure that the given approach will work with hosts using NPT/EPT.
"The current solution i implemented is awful! I use a for inserting records from an ADO.NET data-table into an SQL table. I would like to insert at once the data-table into the SQL table, without iterating... Is that possible, or am i asking too much?"
"I have a controller which has a few actions, which are triggered by hitting various buttons on the page. I would like to have a default action, but am unsure how to annotate the method. Here is an example: How can I annotate a method which will act on a POST with any submit button pressed with no key selected? I have tried: I'd really hate it if I had to set required = false on each of the methods which take RequestParams and then conditionally check to see if one comes in or not... Is there a way to annotate this to work properly?"
Shameeeee on me!!!
@afr0 I'm afraid I don't understand what you mean! That example is using an ajax call when creating a ProductViewModel object to get the data.
Yes. You make me sad :(
@Java1 I had totally forgotten about the moderators _hating_ the _link-only-answers_.!! :-(
It's really sad when you can't trust your coworkers...
The really sad thing is I could do this in about 5 lines of Ada code...
"Yes, there are, I'm afraid"
That works! Very awesome :) How do I select your answer as the solution?
There is a free ebook that microsoft released about windows phone developement. Its extremely useful and It could probably answer this and many other questions you might have! you can download the book from this website:
Thanks for the link. That's pretty cool!
"is a popular choice. It's a full multimedia framework much like DirectShow or QuickTime, has the advantage of having legally licensed codecs available, and has excellent Python bindings."
This is an excellent question. I look forward to hearing an answer.
Agreed. Excellent question.
six more years and still loving it.
Great chart! Good find.
"i work with Office 2007 (excell) in my C# program. i do this reference: it work excellent !, but if in the computer there is Office 2003 is it work good ? if not, what i need to do ? thank's in advance"
+1 for the excellent approximation!
"I have a product selection page where you choose a phone and a plan using radio buttons and I need jQuery to display the ""current selection"". For example I have 2 phones with two plans: Nokia N95 and Nokia N96, $35/month and $50/month Each of these 'options' has it's own radio button. When N95 and the $50/month plan are selected I need to display this information in a div: Your Current Order Phone: Nokia N95 Plan: $50/month Any help would be greatly appreciated! :)"
Very nice work!
"I use Grunt to run my unit tests without assert modules, i just log what i need with grunt and use my ""custom"" coditions to check the variables's states and values. I was thinking about using mocha with grunt, but i am trying to find out how it will really change something when i run my tests. How my tests will be more valuable using mocha (for example) ? Regarding the success of these tools, i feel like i am missing something in their utility. If someone could explain to me how and when they are usefull, it would be really great !"
@MattBurland no worries!
Excellent Thanks!
"I realize this is old, but there is an absolutely fabulous PHP Activecord library called, appropriately, PHP Activerecord. I've used it for several months and it blows away the other libraries. Check it out:"
I recently moved from a Mac + Textmate back to Visual Studio. The one thing I absolutely loved about textmate was it's find/search feature. It made navigating solution files so easy. Is there an equivalent shortcut/addon for Visual Studio?
Excellent man! You know what you are doing! I appreciate your help with this one.
"+1 from me, I loved the leap from MFC to Qt ;)"
Take a look at [this answer](http://stackoverflow.com/a/18646797/2697658). Hope it helps!
"+1 Because seriously, this question hasn't been asked yet? I remember getting incredibly frustrated the first time I had to figure it out."
Excellent! This should be marked as an answer. Very good solution.
Great question! There have already been a few questions that address A few:
"Excellent, Thanks!"
"I understand not liking XAML, as it really intimidated me at first, but I will quickly say that it is a powerful tool. I am not sure how to do it through the designer, but in C# let's say you name your DataGrid 'myDataGrid' and your List is named 'stringList'. It is as simple as the following: and the data grid is now bound to your string list."
Designing with Web Standards is a great first read!
"Mike, totally agree. I really like the idea of Silverlight, its ties with Visual Studio are really awesome, but it has quite a way to go before it is mature enough for primetime use."
"Can anyone help me add children to a plist? I think I want to record an index of rows from the plist and then state which index row to write the key too. I'm not sure how to say if the key will be a string, dictionary or array. The following is code from another question on adding a key to root. Any help would be extremely appreciated :)"
"Excellent information, thanks!"
___ Yours was very good AND FAST!! thanks for the response ___
See also this excellent answer: http://unix.stackexchange.com/a/90869/92102
Works great :) Thanks a lot!
"Hehe this is nothing compared to some other little adventures I had with them ^_^"" ... I love them *^o^*!!"
Excellent answer. This should be the selected answer.
"Customise toolbar above iPad keyboard adding a single line textfield aka SMS style I have ipad app with landscape locked view with multiple textfields that I dont want to scroll up but like to enter single line text via a textfield in the toolbar, next to the Done, Next and Previous buttons. I am new to coding and built the app except for this customisation of the toolbar any help would be excellent :)"
+1 pines is excellent!
"I've got a php array: I want to pass this array via jQuery AJAX, with this: And here's my jQuery: How can I pass the array, so that with the ""replyMessage.php"" page, I could take each ID from the Array, to do something like this: Any help is greatly appreciated!"
Excellent! Thanks much.
Check this thread on Joel of Software forum: Lots of excellent free icons packs!
"You can easily define a comparator for a one-level , so that lookup becomes way less cumbersome. There is no reason of being afraid of that. The comparator defines an ordering of the _Key template argument of the map. It can then also be used for the multimap and set collections. An example:"
"Tried it, loved it. Using it right now."
"Don't forget about ! JSON seems to have better support though. For example, the library has excellent built-in JSON functions."
Excellent! Thank you for the follow-up. I added a variation above.
awesome explanation!! this is seriously awesome..
"Nick Rigby wrote an excellent article for A List Apart titled Uses fieldset, legend, label. Highly semantic."
"Hi there, I just moved from C#/C++ to JavaScript last night, and am loving it! I've just come across some behavior that I don't understand, wondering if anyone can shed some light on it? When I call this script, I'm getting the expected alert box showing '5.5', however after that box is closed I get another alert simply showing ""undefined"", can anyone shed any light on this? Code below: Many thanks"
"I'm pretty familiar with PGP, and the way it works. I'd like to include some functionality in a project, but so far my research has left my head spinning. What I'd like to do is create a public key with a defined private pass phrase. From there, I'd share the public key with someone where they can then encrypt a message using the key and return it to me where I can decrypt. I envision the code looking something like this. To generate my private pgp key: To encrypt I'd give my shared key to a friend: To decrypt the encrypted string after being sent back to me: Obviously I know I'm skipping out on a ton of details. Through my research I've seen references to libraries like Bouncy Castle and Spongy Castle. Any help would be hugely appreciated!"
@Guffa: a *very* excellent question. There's not typically a good reason to do so.
Excellent explanation! +1 for you Sir
I am in need of generating a random string with spaces and mixedCase. is all I got so far: I am getting only uppercase strings with no spaces - I believe the tweak should be pretty striaghtforward to get mixed case and spaces in the soup. Any help greatly appreciated!
"is a really great option for git. Most of the free, public hosting sights will insist that you license your code with an OSS license (and, possibly, your documentation). That's potentially a different thing that you're talking about (backups). For just backups, you may want to try a for-pay service or even something like ."
Excellent snippet !
"An excellent book I have, which covers this topic, is , by Clifton Nock. It has got many good explanations and good ideas on how to decouple your business layer from the persistence layer. You really should give it a try. It's one of my favorite books."
"Check out GSON for converting POJOs to JSON: We've been using for a couple of years now. Very excellent library. For POJOs to XML, Jersey uses JAXB or you could roll your own serializer."
"@KDJ It means the elements siblings whose ID's end in _dd, and no worries!"
"By the way, I upvoted you because I think it's an *excellent* question."
I've used this: ... it's really great!
"Is it possible to use some kind of attribute to throw an exception. This is what I mean. Instead of doing this: Do something like this: Any help would be greatly appreciated! Best Regards, Kiril"
Raymond Chen has a really excellent blog post on this:
"Excellent answer, thanks!"
"We are currently using PDE to automatically build features and our complete product. It works quite well. Make sure you use the right script for product build or feature build. EDIT: We've now migrated to , which has an excellent command line interface."
"Thank you very much, this is really interesting stuff!"
"+1. Brian, you saved me from hours and hours of research, great insight!"
+1 excellent question. Personally I'm starting to think that externals should never have been allowed to track the HEAD of other repositories. Always specifying the exact revision of the external is much safer.
this is an excellent link thanks a ton! havent gone through it in detail. just glanced. but it looks really promising. Will read it in detail shortly
"I am working on where i have two tables like and Country : City : cidCountryidId Means Many-to-One mapped with Now i need to access the details from I created already 'Country.hbm.xml' I created already 'City.hbm.xml' Query: Query Result I don't know why it is showing this exception..., if anyone knows, it will a great pleasure for me..!! Note: I am retrieving child details from parent"
"G'day, One of the best recommendations I can make is to read the relevant section(s) of Steve McConnell's Code Complete (). He has an excellent discussion on naming techniques. HTH cheers, Rob"
"+1 for ""don't believe into the myths that there are a lot of issues with MS Access"""
"I'm reading about the CallContext class (). The documentation says something about ""logical threads"" and ""Thread Local Storage"". What's a logical thread, I didn't know that there existed multiple kinds of threads? What's a Thread Local Storage, is it a class or a principle of some kind? I have not been able to find it in on MSDN, but I'm sure it is there some place, so any links would be great :-)"
"Good Morning, I'm using SharePoint Designer 2007 to create a workflow for a MOSS site I have created. What I'm looking to do is have the workflow send out an email if a document in the library hasn't been modified for the past 30 days (and it's Status field is not set as ""Closed""), but I'm stumped as to how I can do this. Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks!"
That looks like an excellent technique and pretty much negates my question! :)
"try it out very helpful, loved it n its easy to use"
"Excellent Answer, thank you!"
"I think the question is valid. I agree with the other responses, but it doesn't mean it's a terrible question. I've only ever had to use a Safari CSS hack once as a temporary solution and later got rid of it. I agree that you shouldn't have to target just Safari, but no harm in knowing how to do it. FYI, this hack only targets Safari 3, and also targets Opera 9."
"I know I'm a little bit late but for math and physics, I recommend or . I have learned so much from him. He is a really great teacher and all of his lessons are free!"
Excellent! Thanks for the additional detail Sean!
i love those 8-space tabs you are using....very sexy.
this is a really great idea!!! please standby while i try thank u so much
"I appreciate your warm welcome, I never seen such a warm regard here for trying to be helpful, it was a really pleasant introduction and I want to thank you for taking your time to write - at last the end of the questions reads ""If anyone has any ideas I would be extremely grateful!"""
"Daniel, that is *awful*! `:-)`"
Excellent diagnosis!
"I am trying to make my javascript change when the window resizes, but cannot seem to get it to work. The only difference I would like is for the offset().top to change from -90 to -60 as the window becomes smaller than 768px. This is what I have so far: Any advice would be really great! Thank you"
@Evan It's not compilable java. It's used to navigate the code in eclipse/idea and is excellent if you have a large code base with lots of long class names.
"I'm looking for an XSL lint tool which is actively maintained. The only one I can find is , but the last update was in 2000 (9 years old!). Any help would be great!"
@sheidaei great :) keep it up! you even get 2 point bonus for accepting.
Thank you for all the great answers! Sam & Talljoe's answers accomplished this most simply using Linq. Thx again!
"askgeo.com is fantastic, thanks!"
"I'm quite new to this wonderfull tool that selenium is, and i'm trying to make some examples tests in my web app (html/JS). I managed to select some (most) elements withtheir id with the command but i'm unable to find some elements that do not have an tag. I tried these following lines without result, as i have have an a mix of the two aboce (alt and src in xpath and cssSelector This element HTML code is If somebody could help me, that would be very nice :) Thanks, and have a good day !"
Excellent answer to a very general question ! :-)
"Thanks for this, I didn't know about fluid. Great little piece of software!"
I hope fortune favors the brave :)
"I can only repeat what others have said. Parametrized SQL is the way to go. Sure, it is a bit of a pain in the butt coding it - but once you have done it once, then it isn't difficult to cut and paste that code, and making the modifications you need. We have a lot of .Net applications that allow web site visitors specify a whole range of search criteria, and the code builds the SQL Select statement on the fly - but everything that could have been entered by a user goes into a parameter."
Excellent! Look forward to hearing from you.
@massive I've replied to your question about dealing with concurrency issues in bulk updates by editing my answer. Hope this helps!
Excellent! it's very useful to me!
"that is what I am doing now. I find this a more practical solution and I see there are other people doing the same. Well, great!"
"Sure, you can. Just mark your content with the appropriate langauge code: if you use the following CSS, the spanish text is formatted with the most-loved font style comic sans ms: Easy!"
Very interesting! The code it produces does not work for me but the code is definitely useful as an example. I'll mark this answer as accepted since it seems unlikely an actual reference that says more than MSDN even exists.
You have to created a new model for hold referral code. below are given model syntax. add These lines in your last lines your models.py Above mention line will create your user profile at the time of creating user.Hope this work for you!!!
"It seems to be working really fine for me , IE , not tested but FF / Chrome it works !"
then you might want to take full control over how Preferences should follow your desired storage by implementing . You can see a linux based implementation here: Good luck!
Check out some tool like SnippetCompiler (http://www.sliver.com/dotnet/SnippetCompiler/) - lets you take a short snippet of C# and try it out without all the overhead of Visual Studio! Absolutely priceless...
Excellent - I'm glad you found it! The double quotes may be a unix/linux thing. Note that Oracle will accept `username/pw@db` or `username@db/pw`.
Great :) thanks!
"I would like to get back all the option selected of a multiple select when i submit my form. like : using somthing like that : and get an array with all the value selected like ['2','3'] All that, without jQuery and in js or php is fine :) thx!"
"@catsby is correct -- you'll want to use the to do this. SIDENOTE: Heroku's platform API is actually incredibly awesome. You can use it to scale dynos, set variables, provision / deprovision addons, etc."
Excellent - Cool
"As you may know, tonight, at exactly 23:31:30 UTC, Epoch Time will reach 1234567890! Hurray! One way of watching epoch time is by using Perl: Can you do the same in another programming language?"
is really awesome!
"Is it possible to re-open an .xcarchive file on Xcode? I know this is not common, but I would like to open a project exactly as it was submitted to the App Store. I don't have back up of that exact build, so it would be really great to open the archive copy! Before you ask why don't I just download it from the store, I must say this build has been approved and is just pending on my release. :) Thanks!"
"Code Contracts are pretty cool, but they do have some limitations. They will only create compiler warnings, not errors. Also, this analysis is pretty slow on large projects. However, I'm hoping this technology will evolve and eventually be integrated into the language itself. It's incredibly promising!"
I added an example of how to use the wrapText function. Good luck with your project!
"Indeed your question is an easy one, so I answer your question with some additional points that I think help you more than the answer itself:First, this is the code: Notes: Please1 - don't a simple problem a real hard one! if it's a hw you can convince the tutor about defining the string delimited with something like "","" (if he/she insists) or whatever, and if this is a real project convince the customer, you don't want to torture yourself! 2 - you said you want to split the string into a 4 x 4 matrix, what if you want a 5x5 matrix? So take advantage of constants, and the same for the delimiter Hope these help."
"I answered the same question . Best of luck! As you will see, I like the tools."
"You have at wrong place, that must be in element, so You should try like : Referred from Here Hope it will help you!"
"Sure play around it, WP is easy it will just take a bit of time to get used to the structure ."
"@le dorfier - I'm extremely good at complex sql, just not the t/sql ways of doing declares, conditionals, assignment, loops, cursors, etc... Since I don't do it that often, I find myself having to look up simple t/sql examples every time."
"We ended up rolling our own, similar to Figaro but with support for nested values, multiple files, and placeholders. It's pretty awesome: !"
"Great, excellent. You're welcome!"
"Calculate the height is easy, enjoy: Hope it will help! UPDATE!!! You only need: Instead of:"
ROFL!! I love the comparison to getting married...
I ran this code in Eclipse.. it is running absolutely fine!! The output is : Thu May 16 09:35:31 ICT 2013 I am using Java jre7
"Its not One is it? I have a method that gets five Lists from different repositories. Each call opens and closes a new Datacontext. Is this ok to do or should I wrap everything in One datacontext. In this case it is not straightforward to use the same datacontext, but i am afraid that opening and closing numerous datacontext in one page request is not good."
Was afraid someone would say that...! Is there any hack I could put in place?
"Is there a sensible way to group Long UTC dates by Day? I would Mod them by 86400 but that doesn't take leap seconds into account. Does anyone have any other ideas, I'm using java so I could parse them into Date Objects, but I'm a little worried of the performance overhead of using the date class. Also is there a more efficient way than comparing the year month and day parts of a Date object?"
"cat'ing a script to paster shell scares me. The interactive Python shell has different rules for, e.g. terminating multi-line statements."
but i'm afraid the cacheobject would get gc'ed not the data it caches.
it generate but i need But in i did not find a way how to change ID attribute. i need to use text_field_tag because it fills textbox with params if submit fail. if i think about im worry if i change an ID it does not fill a param ?!
To be honest I don't even know where to start. I guess the solution might entail using a zillion IIf statements. I'm fairly new to this I'm afraid!
"I use following code for displaying three simple rollover images over one main background image. The code works absolutely fine with Chrome, but unluckily not with Mozilla! I hope, somebody might have an idea to improve my lines! Thank you already very much!"
"As things are evolving very fast, there are some major update. For example, a framework named Total.js has made much work to make Angular.js work in hand with Node.js. Please have a look at their web site and at the 6 (!) example they provide on how to use it : . Pretty amazing! Hope that helps! Note: I have no affiliation with Total.js at all."
"Carom3D is a great one, they seem to have mastered the physics. See these links for more info: Good luck!"
"I have a script that prints out the average time when pinging a server, shown below: How can I add the line number to output of the script above when pinging a list of servers ?? my actual output when pinging list of 3 host is: I want the output to be like this: so that this can be read by excel :) Thank in advanced!!"
@Dutchie432: you described exactly what I was looking for... I'm also using the Pulsate effect. I had a `.stop()` in place but it didn't work. Now it works as expected. What a comment can do? It's also an answer... :D The search outsourcing was hilarious :o)
Excellent point! Thanks!! I did mean just the left side though.. (I should have specified that). Was glad to learn your insight though..
"Technically, XHTML can not be poorly formed. A stipulation of XHTML is that it is well formed and valid. Sorry for the lame comment, invalid XHTML angers me."
"The plan of making a mum/dad accessible UpgradeYourBrowser page was growing for me the last few days, but now caffeine and this bug just filled me with angry rage (the green kind)"
Dotfuscator community edition is not good at all...
@Frederick Marcoux: it is really terrible advice
"I have a main flash from wich i load another swf file from the server. From time to time i change the second swf file and want to load a fresh copy from the server. I clean the cache from the browser but my client does not know how to do that and it's a pain to give him directions. If i want to load a fresh copy of the main swf i just add a ""main.swf?version2"" but i can't do that with the loadMovie function in flash. Any ideas how i can get a fresh copy from the server without changing the name of the file?"
"Extending the class to handle new tags or syntax is not a bad idea, but eval'ing inline ruby code from a possibly untrusted source is an absolutely horrible idea!"
"This is sad, I told you how to handle raw packets, and I only got 3 votes, while the accepted answer has 8 votes and basically didn't answer the question..."
"What's the easiest static (non-animating) 3d model format to load with Java? I used .obj in C++, but that's a pain to do in java. Is there anything better?"
"I ended up writing a python parser myself. I managed to do it by following the spec here: And then taking the code tables from the horde.org cvs. The open mobile alliance's site and documentation are terrible, this was a very trying project :("
Have created a module in DotNetNuke 7. Have made changes on my local test version which has created several rows in the database. I then copied these rows into the live database but they dont appear in the live version of the module. Have tried clearing the cache through host settings and restarting the application and it still won't show new rows. Have even tried setting cache settings to non-specified and still won't load new rows. Is there a way I can completely reset and get it find the new rows. This is an extremely irritating feature.
"My approach to this problem would be: Create a that hosts a Add a dependency property to the . In the event handler, parse the CSV and update the accordingly. Add a dependency property to the - and when this changes, parse the CSV and add the data to the . See this question for a few pointers: By the way, a CSV of column names is a horrible interface! Why not expose a , then add a so that you can use a CSV string in XAML?"
"is there a way to automatically call a function using an event after the user has browsed a file using a I've been trying to find something for the past hour but failed horribly, I saw that I should try onchange but that also failed.."
I HATE SKYPE!!!
"My company currently use CruiseControl.NET, which I find quite a pain on the neck to configure. What CI solution do you use?"
"@Martinho: Indeed. But you have to learn an awful lot of C++ to understand WTF type traits do, and what the corresponding syntax means!"
"Is there a VB6 equivalent to the C/C++ 'continue' keyword? In C/C++, the command 'continue' starts the next iteration of the loop. Of course, other equivalents exist. I could put the remaining code of the loop in an if-statement. Alternatively, I could use a goto. (Ugh!)"
can I replace my entire windows vista with ubuntu and is it free? I really hate vista
"Is there a simple library out there for Java in a Maven repository that will give me simple, one-liner hash methods for the popular hash functions such as MD5, SHA1, SHA256, and SHA512? I'd really hate to have to reinvent the wheel to do this."
This serves me right for browsing s.o. on waking up. My eyes hurt!
"Yes, yes it is. It is really horrible though. There is also this atrocity:"
"OK, so what do you want me to do about that? Hint: how about *telling us* what your problem is?"
"Oh, how I hate TFS for giving me these headaches!"
"Is there an easy way to find parse errors in javascript code? Last week I was debugging a javascript problem where the first javascript function that was called gave an 'object expected' error. I later determined that this was because the browser wasn't able to parse my javascript code. I eventually solved the problem but it was a painful process that involved pouring over my code line by line, trying to find my mistake. There must be an easier way."
"when I'm drag and drop some in chrome, it always make some noise, you can try it in your chrome: click on some empty place, then drag, then release mouse, it makes the sound. I really hate it, and I have seen some page don't have the chime sound, and I think it can avoid use javascript, can anyone tell me?"
"Well, I hate using SO as just a syntax checker, but for the life of me I cannot figure out why I get thi error Here is the offending code: I'm using the SimpleForm gem, and am not too familiar with it yet (obviously!) tia, --rick"
"Sometimes in a long commit log, it's really painful to navigate the all-expanded diffs. (You get expanded-diffs when hitting enter from the magit-blame-mode for example) Is there a way to collapse these diffs?"
"I hate to say it, but the selected answer is wrong. C# Express ships with 3.5 SP1, including .NET SP2, etc..."
"Effective, but what a pain! You'd think there'd be an easier way."
clock() is not accurate enough.
This should do the job (but I hate):
"I wish I'd have found this question yesterday, as it has been causing me grief for hours! Surely this is a bug with the emulator?"
I am fed up having to turn them on every time I open the application.
"@ceejayoz I use svn for development, but I really hate the idea of having many "".svn"" folders in production."
I am crying on the inside. And on the outside.
"Very annoying! If you are desperate to get this working you could force Chrome to redraw the element (on window resize, maybe?):"
there is no IDE work on my computer just devc++ and turboc and the two is too bad i want vc++ express or netBean c++ but nothing work ! i don't know why but i hate this situation it's too bad !:(
"I have full control of the deployment enviroment, it's an internal intranet application. Office interop/autmation is horrible, and while the documents are generated by C#, we use Aspose.Words. I can accept using interop.automation for printing, going to give it a try."
"I hate to say it, but constant polling over HTTP is the poor mans solution."
"IMHO multi-core processors are still so rare, and threading is such a horrible and hairy and dangerous place to go, that you're just better off sticking to one thread."
"Oh God, I remember this, it was absolutely horrible. Worse, I can't remember how to fix it offhand."
-1 for font abuse
"Yes, we used to use Starling. But it's a pain to always delegate the stuff that could take awhile to a different process."
"Does anybody have a simple code to display a list (list view?) of all the apps installed on a phone, and have the user open one when clicked? Or even an App drawer. I just need a way to have the user open all of their apps. I have tried searching for tutorials, but couldn't find any, and I downloaded the example home from Android, but I absolutely hate looking through code and digging out what I Want."
That's horrible!!
"I am running VS 2012. Working on a project that is stored on a mapped network drive. Whenever I go to close the solution it takes several minutes (5-7) for Visual Studio to close. It does eventually close, but very painful waiting for it to finish. Anyone have any suggestions on how to fix?"
"I don't understand why (Apple in this moment I'm hating you!), but ALAssetsLibrary in iOS 4.3.4 does not allow fetching in a background thread (I was running a series of in a ). I solved by creating a little wrapper using . EDIT: After a code refactoring and the upgrade to iOS 5, I finally realized that the problem is actually related to how ALAssetsLibrary works, there is no need to use . ."
"I am writing a WsCF service to retrieve data for multiple clients. I have a service layer that references business manager objects. In essence on the service call, I want to retrieve the provider type (a custom enum in my code) and the connection string from the web.config. For some reason, the code is unable to find the settings in my project web.config. I am gathering the IIS Express AND the VS development web server are referencing the machine.config. How do I override this. It is extremely frustrating. As you can see from the snippet the setting AND the connection string name exist, but the code never picks it up. My code: Private Sub GetDBInformation() The web.config:"
"Ah, this was actually dumb...I solved it. I had two checked out directories that were both very much the same. I was in Eclipse and I didn't realize that I had been editing the wrong file all along. STUPID! STUPID! STUPID! Oh well it's not a total loss, now you all get to see how to fix ff3."
"Visual studio is ok, but i really hate the fact that you have to go through all the process of project creation just to compile one source file. Is there any compiler in windows that allows compilation directly from directory?"
"this api stinks, it is terribly designed and has lots of bugs!"
@SamFridayWelch because I hate using `!important`... the second solution is better
"When I apply on()-handlers I prefer the following notation if I have more than one to apply: Does anybody knows how to set a namespace within this notation? I solved the problem in this case with falling back to a single notation: But I really hate to repeat myself. Same issue/question for using the off()-method with more than one handler. This works: I bet the off()-thing is a easy one, but I don't get it after coding the last 15 hours."
"can you help? i have a DB, the unique identifiers are GUIDS - we need to implement URL rewriting however the page names look terrible for example: testpage-2668FF87-0A3A-4cac-B9AB-2367D17A76C3.aspx title of page / unique identifier my DB's that i setup i use Ints as unique identifiers so i never had this problem: testpage-1.aspx title of page / unique identifier (int) what do you suggest ?"
"We ended up using a Java applet. It was a nightmare. Normally it would have been awful, but as this was for the 2008 Beijing Olympics, the added distance & language differences made it a nightmare. In the end, it worked ""enough."" But again, nightmare. I would not recommend it."
Ran into this myself. Very annoying limitation IMO.
"I really hate when this happens.. I search and search for an answer and then I post a question. Then minutes later I find the answer.. The answer was on line 5.. this let me make the call.. I mean I get a pile of junk on the screen, but it doesn't fail... no exception."
"OK, I can continue to do web dev on my mac by sharing the webdev folder on my ubuntu laptop. This is a really terrible solution though."
I am currently developing a system on a server running PHP version 5.1.6 thus I am forced to use Symfony 1.1 in the current environment. I am planning to migrate the application from 1.1 to 1.2 in the somewhat near future and I was wondering if anyone has any experience with this? I have attempted to migrate a system from 1.0 to 1.1 and that was a major pain in the rear. How has it been for anyone out there migrating from Symfony 1.1 to 1.2?
Hi all I have a horrid database I gotta work with and linq to sql is the option im taking to retrieve data from. anywho im trying to reuse a function by throwing in a different table name based on a user selection and there is no way to my knowledge to modify the TEntity or Table<> in a DataContext Query. This is my current code. I want to populate my ViewData with Enumerable records.
"Here is my PHP code.. ..I'm extremely crappy with my JavaScript code, could someone help me convert this? I basically want to convert a variable such as ""marine-heavy"" to ""Marine (heavy)""."
"I have a screen with say 20 controls on it. I want to show all twenty, then hide only the ones that don't relate to what I'm working on. My problem is that between the loops the screen paints. It looks very ugly. I know I've seen this done but for the life of me I can't find that code, or even remember what app I'd seen that code in.. Does anyone know how to suspend the paint for a bit?"
"Whatever you do, make sure that you don't use Apache's DBCP. It's a horrible implementation that will actually cause performance problems, not fix them."
"I hate it too. But did you stop to think why i wanted to do this instead of just assuming im an idiot? Its a small personal site, not a money maker. Rebuilt it to learn a new technology. Not bothered 301ing pages to their new versions. So instead trying to get some value to the homepage."
-1 This isn't language agnostic.
The ToolStripManager is hopelessly broken. LoadSettings doesn't do a thing...and I'm evidently not the only one with this problem: https://connect.microsoft.com/VisualStudio/feedback/ViewFeedback.aspx?FeedbackID=128042 So...anyone have a workaround? The one posted in that thread just moved all the toolbars to the bottom of the window.
"There are an awful lot of C/C++ libraries out there, most no longer updated. There's not much for C#, but I have seen a couple. I haven't really used any of them in anger, so I can't give any recommendations. I would start with and see if you find anything of use there. Alternatively, a search for on sourceforge.net has plenty of results."
"If you're debugging at the instruction level rather than the source level, it's an awful lot for you easier to map unoptimized instructions back to the source. Also, compilers are occasionally buggy in their optimizers. In the Windows division at Microsoft, all release binaries are built with debugging symbols and full optimizations. The symbols are stored in separate PDB files and do not affect the performance of the code. They don't ship with the product, but most of them are available at the ."
"Oh, how I hate iframes!!!"
"Ugh, indecent exposure of mod_rewrite should be a crime. Put a bathrobe on it, or something."
"When you call ""su"" you're creating a new process that runs that command, so after running exec(""su"") you have a new process with SU rights. You can't give your already running application SU rights I'm afraid! I'm not sure how other applications do this, but you can run ""su -l ls /data"" and then read from the outputstream of the process."
Wow! I always thought double quotes were required!
I can't believe sql server doesn't have a feature for this..
