FEAR!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a professional project in academia and I need to use Java for it - bc of my own limitations I'm afraid!
"@IgnacioOcampo, I gave up after a while I am afraid :("
Hmm I fear I've opened a Pandora's box of higher maths! I'll see if I can understand any of those articles...
As a dev I worry about event logs getting full and then hitting an error when logging an error. But I suppose you have to deal with 'logging' failures with whatever you are logging to (file/db).
"@delnan I was worried about !! and -, not function application."
"@sixlettervariables: No, I'm not asking. I'm scared of the answer."
+1 for both the answer and the comments. Priceless :)
"I got 2 update panels in one page. After a request I want to check which update panel(s) got updated. I've read should be good for this :) However, whenever I get a postback in a non-IE browser, the panelID just returns null? It works very fine in IE... Here's a codesnippet: I got 2 updatepanels, both with conditional updatemodes: and Any help would be highly appreciated, and I'm open for alternative solutions which doesn't involve Thanks in advance :)"
"Other's have posted equally viable options, so really pick the one that makes the code prettiest to you! :-)"
"Wow, great! thanks, I didn't know this one existed."
"By creating datastore models that inherit from the Expando class I can make my model-entities/instances have dynamic properties. That is great! But what I want is the names of these dynamic properties to be determined at runtime. Is that possible? For example, Is this possible? If yes, how to do this? I have already tried some funny ways to do this but did not succeed :P Thanks in advance."
"I had figured out the solution. What I realized was happening was that The deployments stopped working period, not just certain files were not coming across. This is absolutely a bug in Azure deployment as near as I can figure. I had to drop & recreate my site in the cloud and the deployment continued to work. As a side rant. Microsoft makes it extremely painful for someone to submit a bug as compared to other software vendors. And they wonder why their market share is shrinking."
":-( This is a well-known CSS bug in IE6. AFAIK the workaround (it's horrible, shield your eyes) is to put an IFRAME underneath your menu so that the IFRAME obscures the improperly z-indexed SELECT. It's so very horrible. But JQuery is here to the rescue, as always:"
This algorithm is terribly inefficient for small sample chosen from a large set. Picking 5 integers from a million takes one million calls to rand() instead of 5.
"I can't get to work a many-to-many relationship using bookshelf.js. Models: Database table ""events"": Database table ""tags"": Database table ""events_tags"": Query that isn't returning what it should: The log outputs: That is: empty array of tags, which is wrong. Question: Is there an issue with my code? the desired output should be: This doesn't help in the question, but I'll throw it anyway: I'm currently hating all ORMs in Node JS! Maybe I should just use a query builder."
Horrible but linqy!
Hmm...VS is telling me this is already a string? Guess it's lying!
"After installing a lot of apps, and building a few myself, I'm sure many people have been wondering about this. If I'm looking through my SD card it looks absolutely horrible, and its really hard to find folders that are mine for putting music/videos/pictures in between all the folders for different applications. Is there any conventions here that we, the developers, should try to put their apps into one base folder or has Google forgot about this completely?"
"How to set the default proxy for Internet Explorer in C# .net? I wanna make a browser capable of searching for a valid proxy in a .txt file and using it. The IP and Port used with the set default proxy command are valid however, the command itself does absolutely nothing. The only way I've found to use a proxy with a VS2013 .net browser is by adding it manually to IE which is incredibly useless."
I've changed the color scheme on sublime text 2 and I really hate the colors it changed to. So what is the name of the default settings? Because I want to change it back to the standard.
FF @ fault? Damn... hate when my buddy fails me.
This is one of the shortcomings of DGV that I absolutely hate and why I almost always bind to an IEnumerable of an anonymous type.
No. I cannot seem to be getting the module to work. Its really pain staking.
"My NSLog messages no longer show up in my Debug Area. Anyone have an idea how the could have happened? I can hit command-7 to bring of a list of logs in the left pane, select the latest one and view it in my editor window, but it is extremely annoying compared to having the console output in the debug area."
"As title, basically I have a user control placed inside a page and then the page is placed inside the master page. I want to extract a block of javascript and put it back to the page head. When I try to wrap the code inside any block control (e.g. a div runat server) and access divID.InnerText then ASP.NET bust off with I dont want to extract JS inside cs file, thats awfully ugly approach (all sort of escapes and people wont even notice you have JS written unless they drill your CS file), what can I do?"
"i am currently having some difficulties trying converting a Unicode character string (DT_WSTR) into an INT this is what i have (Note most writings are in German, but i think someone who has worked with SSIS will unterstand anyways) Data Type selected: A four-byte, unsigned integer.but all it does is fail terribly"
Is there any way to quickly jump to a scene in a storyboard? I have about 30 different scenes/view controllers and it has become incredibly tedious to locate the view controller I'm trying to edit.
"I have a web page that renders the same in IE7, Firefox, and Safari - except when printing. IE7 appears to allocate too much space for borders when printing. In the example below, the box heights plus borders should add up to the same height in the 2 columns. I set the borders to 10px to exaggerate the problem. I hate CSS hacks, and so far I've been able to create my pages without them. Any suggestions?"
"I found this great node mysql boilerplate: it works terrific! However, now I need to hook it in to my existing user table, and my key field is named userID, not simply id, and changing the key fieldname in mysql breaks the example. So my question is, where in the project do I need to specify a different id field name? I see user.id in /util/auth.js passport.serializeUser and id in passport.deserializeUser functions, but it seems it must be specified elsewhere too. I'm hoping this is a simple question for users of passportjs!"
"So, I'm trying to make a 3D grapher for a class. Right now I'm working on understanding OpenGL and I'm failing horribly. I want to move the camera, but I can't at all, whatsoever. Why doesn't this work?"
Using it is painfully easy to access movies from the IMDB site: However I see no way to get the picture or thumbnail of the movie cover. Suggestions?
"I'm unable trigger a click on the body tag using jQuery, I'm using this... even this fails Any ideas?!"
The other issue the number of variations in everyone's SIP implementation. Solving all of the integration issues would quickly eat up all your time. At $699 for OCS that just doesn't make much sense.
"Hate to have to do this, but it works!"
@Dennis I edited my answer. I really hate IE!
I also fail to get webgl to work on mac osx. Really frustrating! osx 10.9 mac book pro
"Note that this doesn't use a StringBuilder, so will have horrible performance for very long sequences."
"i hate being that guy, but this is really not the way to do whatever you aretrying to do"
This was one area of C that the designers got terribly badly wrong!
"@CarlNorum: That would be extremely annoying, given that the above is well-defined C89..."
Probably has something to do with the unbearable bugginess of the Telerik RadControls suite
"whenever i drag-n-drop a stored procedure onto my Context canvas, the parameters/arguments for the stored procedure are all nullable. Why is this? Is it because of how i've declared my parameters inside the stored procudure itself? Besides manually creating my stored procedure methods in the Context partial class (or drag-n-drop onto canvas, cut from autogen'd code, move to partial class, then remove nullables types) .. is there any way to fix this? It's really frustrating :("
"That's not a ""jQuery onchange"", it's a ""horrible inline onchange"" !"
"Okay I am using the same ANTLRWorks and JDK .. but it doesn't work for me :( .. Its very irritating, I have tried everything to make it work !"
"I abhor debugging a `forEach` loop. Step in, step out. It's so much easier to just debug a `for` loop;"
"I have a file in the form If I try to splot such file, gnuplot intended it as a surface, and the result is very awful (because the endpoint of a line is close to the endpoint of next line, not to the first point). How can I plot them as different lines (as every line was in a different file)?"
"When I refactor the following line: using Resharper's ""Use Object Initializer"", I get the following: I really hate this type of formatting because with longer object names and variables it just gets out of control. How can I get Resharper to do the following?"
It's not possible to open the page in full screen without user interaction (clicking on a button etc.) because it would be extremely annoying.
"I've been having this issue for some time and kept just disabling the ""Script"" tab which is really annoying! I tried to click the pause button so it's flashing and refresh, same issue. Then, click so it's not flashing and refresh, same issue. I just now clicked the pause button (so it was blinking), then un-clicked it so it was not blinking, and then refreshed the page and it seems to have fixed it. The same page that was breaking on a script error is no longer breaking on the error."
You could implement it using `goto`'s (the horror!)
"that's not a maintainable solution. most modern code metrics (readability, simplicity, maintainability) would conclude it's a terrible solution."
"Everytime I execute my app in debug mode, the execution breaks inside some class file of an external library that I'm using. Even though it's a NullPointerException, for some reason I can hit resume and continue the execution. In case you're curious, I've put the stacktrace below. My problem though is that I simply want to stop that. It's extremely annoying and happens every now and then during the execution. But I can't find any setting anywhere which will prevent breaking inside class files. How do I avoid this?"
yes it does it in IE8 as well. Very annoying !
Managing url paths can be a real pain in ASP.NET. AbsolutePath vs RelativePath vs etc. drives me crazy. I find that many solutions require the user to edit web.config element to include the correct subfolder path; ex. Website Root: Web.config setting: / Website Root: web.config setting: /blog/ Is there a way to properly handle this without having to make changes to the web.config?
"What is the difference between and similarly and It is really painful when i align the controls with and when i try to align in the Design mode it adds the , how to prevent auto adding property to a control while aligning it, as I already defined the to it why it doesn't update the same property. Its really irritating when we want to do animation on controls, it reverses the direction of animation"
No `.vimrc` comes first :( and I really hate to modify plugins...
"Also be aware that as a programming language TeX is most awful, the worst language in real use I've come across."
"Terrible approach, XML stores data, not formats!"
what exactly is not working? it’s hard to guess … you shouldn’t be using erigi to check for a substring: 1) it’s deprecated 2) use instead. edit: your code screams sql injection!
"Yeah, it's definitely annoying!"
"I got very angry with Oracle today after reading lots of editable TableView solutions involving setOnEditCommit, which is just NOT the right way it should be done. Following is a much better and simpler solution I found after digging the JavaFX source:"
"I absolutely hate that this exists, but there it is:"
It is really painfull to get all code form TFS whenever you make a build using NANT. Is there any settings in ccnet.config which will only take the files which are changed form last time which can speed up the process.
"I personally only use the 'm' and the 'p'. The rest is just zany in my view. It makes the code so darn hard to decipher. I did maintenance work on this guy's code who used semi-Hungarian notation type id prefixes on every variable, function, and other identifier in the code. He used $ signs liberally to separate words. It was hard to keep the murderous rage in check."
"Well, this is a bit of an awful hack but quite frankly any C++ application which needs a way to define an unconstructable object is probably already an awful hack! And under GCC, I get the following: test.cpp: In function ‘int main()’: test.cpp:9: error: cannot declare variable ‘an_instance’ to be of abstract type ‘la’ test.cpp:2: note: because the following virtual functions are pure within ‘la’: test.cpp:4: note: virtual void la::oh_no_you_dont()"
I have to setup a rails project and rubygems.org is seemed to be down. That's really horrible. Can't believe it the whole ruby community have only one single not-so-reliable gems source. What should I do in such case?
"This is an absolutely horrid wart in the API, but it's never going away."
Anyone??? I'm starting to hate VS for that reason!
"The following (cut down) code excerpt is a Linq-To-Entities query that results in SQL (via ToTraceString) that is much slower than a hand crafted query. Am I doing anything stupid, or is Linq-to-Entities just bad at optimizing queries? I have a ToList() at the end of the query as I need to execute it before using it to build an XML data structure (which was a whole other pain). While working on this, I've also has some real problems with Dates. When I just tried to include returned dates in my data structure, I got internal error ""1005""."
"I am new to Delphi (been programming in it for about 6 months now). So far, it's been an extremely frustrating experience, most of it coming from how bad Delphi is at handling dates and times. Maybe I think it's bad because I don't know how to use TDate and TTime properly, I don't know. Here is what is happening on me right now : That's not the exact code I use, everything is in variables and used in another context, but I think you can see the problem. Why is that calculation wrong? How am I suppose to work around this problem?"
its a pain in the neck
Link is down again.
"clicking the zoom (or pan) button again, restores it. terribly silly - yes!"
You can look at OpenOffice Base. I tried it out awhile back when it first came out and it seemed awfully slow and it didn't seem feature complete either. But it is free and open source :o)
"Android camera stuff is extremely frustrating, I understand that. Make sure to read through all of the and check out this code below referenced from :"
"I worked on a desktop app that used EJB and Hibernate. We had to set everywhere, because when the objects get serialized, they lose their ability to be fetched from the backend. That's just how it goes, unfortunately. If you are concerned with performance, you could use caching on the backend so that your non-lazy fetches are not as painful."
What a strange website candyundies.com sounds disgusting!
Working with ANEs is an incredibly frustrating process.
"$('li:nth-child(3), li:nth-child(4)').insertAfter('ul').wrapAll('')You can't ""break a list"". You can either A) remove it and replace it with two lists B) extract some elements to make another list with. The following is terrible terrible practice, but then again so is what you're asking..."
"I am sorry for posting so many questions, but getting this to work has been incredibly painful, even tho Testflight makes it much easier I figure this has got to do with my Apple Push Notifications. I am using my distribution profile across all my settings. My app has been configured to both development and production. What could the causes of this error be? As a side note, i have been working on this for the entire day, and i get stuck at one thing after the other, esp involving static libraries and xcode4. Am I really bad at this, or does Apple really make it so hard?"
"that's what I thought, that's why I'm surprised"
Could you break this down for me? This looks scary :O
I am trying to do a contentInset on an NSScrollView the same way as iOS in a UIScrollView. There is no method to do this though. Is there anyway to achieve this? this picture should describe what I am trying to do: If anyone knows of a solution I would absolutely love to hear!! It's driving me nuts
"Very sad, no way...("
Page/MasterPage/Control lifecycle makes me cry :(
http://stackoverflow.com/a/4105631/1104483. Sad :(
"I wish i knew, I am on 3+ projects and have to do 3+ SCRUMS a day. :cry:"
that made me cry :'(
"I'm apologize for saying this, but the code you've posted is simply awful and needs desperate refactoring. Create a class to represent 7 properties instead of 7 parallel arraylists, and use String.split to parse a comma-seperated list."
"@AliceChen sad but sometimes the dropbox servers go down, this may also cause this!"
"I have developed a cumulative sum function as defined below in the Haskell library Repa. However, I have run into an issue when combining this function with the transpose operation. All 3 of the following operations take well under a second: However, if I write: performance degrades horrendously. While each individual operation in isolation takes well under a second on a 1920x1080 image, when combined they now take 30+ seconds... Any ideas on what could be causing this? My gut tells me it has something to do with delayed arrays, not forcing at the right time, etc... But I do not have enough experience to track this down quite yet."
"It would have to be a WinForm dialog, I'm afraid :-("
"I have two loops running in my code, I want to use an element from an array as the key in a second array, but am unsure how to do this with Smarty. """" contains an integer (pulled from the db) I want to use that value as the key in a second loop, which runs fine if I harcode in the integer: Pseudo code for the sort of thing I've been trying is: But of course, this doesn't work! Can anybody help?"
This should do it (it's not quite a one-liner I'm afraid):
There are major oversights in the CSS spec related to basic page layout. Sad. It is about as well thought out as HTML.
"@PabloB. sir, this is sad :("
this link is dead :(
well.. taht's... sad =(
I am have used the remove data method to remove validation from the page. This works but throws an error in the console window and crashes with IE8 (I'm being forced to develop to this browser...sad I know!). Does anyone know how I can stop this error? Here is my code to remove the validator: Here is the error message from the console:
"I've just got a quick question about some jQuery/CSS placement. I'm trying to achieve the effect found , but with my CSS, the placement of the objects is totally messed up. I think I've got the idea of the situation, I just can't seem to find a way to get my CSS to work. Anything you've got that can help, I'd love to hear it. Thanks in advance! Everything I have so far can be found . JS: } Nothing I do seems to work, and I really hope you can help!"
"Jeff Atwood says: February 12th, 2009 at 6:50 am No, we’ve switched to a dedicated task. We definitely outgrew this technique. I do think it’s fine for small sites though!"
"excellent idea :) I just added, tests it and works like a charm! Thanks"
Great question!
"Excellent, thank you!"
On the WordPress repository is a plugin called wp gcm. Its a really great one try it out!
"Version 2 of contains a debugger. And it works awesome! It is still in very early stages, but have helped me several times. Just watch out for bugs! :)"
I see. Everything makes sense now. Thanks a lot for the excellent answers!
"The was a pretty awesome read/reference! Although there are some typos, etc., it is really extensive and has tons of examples. C & C++."
"completely agree, there are excellent answers provided here to this question"
Excellent answer!
How would I go about using Stephen Celis' fantastic SCListener singleton? () I would like to start with something incredibly simple.. like display the input volume in a textview or just display a UIImage when the listener detects something. Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks!
Excellent -- thanks!
Excellent question! I can't figure this out either. Please post the answer here if you figure it out.
Fantastic answers! Thanks a ton!
"If you don't mind working at a slightly lower level, httplib2 () is an excellent HTTP library that includes caching functionality."
Is there anyway to control the styling of the scrollbars of a div tag? I am experiencing some contrast issues between IE7 and FireFox 3.5.2. Any help would be greatly appreciated!
Thomas Becker (author of the second link above) has a longer article which is excellent: http://www.artima.com/cppsource/type_erasure.html
"Excellent Rickard! This, together with Black Panda's advice helped us track it down."
That worked excellent! How can I make my X-axis go longer to right so it makes the chart bigger?
"I found this about wrapping strings using parens extremely useful, but is there a way in Vim to make this happen automatically? I want to be within a string, typing away, and have Vim just put parens around my string and wrap it as necessary. For me, this would be a gigantic time saver as I spend so much time just wrapping long strings manually. Thanks in advance. Example: I type the following text: Vim automatically does this when I hit column 80 with the string:"
"Thanks! Give it a try! It works excellent! If you can build the URL string correctly of course, je"
Excellent job including the Fiddle! I still can't quite understand the question though. Could you include the output?
"I have imported the data into an database. Patient(pt_id,pt_name,pt_type,pt_loc) Now , I want to find which of these a primary (have unique) values. Any way I could found is would return the same value Any input would be great :) Thanks!!!"
"There is a book called which details pen and paper drawing and what you can gain from it. I think it has a lot of benefits, particularly that you can, very early on (and easily), modify what the end result will be without much effort, and then start off on the right foot."
"I tried the new bootstrap 3 package - it is really great! Now I want at least a 3 level navigation and adapted lib.navigation.main in the setup: Unfornately the menu is not working correct (3rd level entry visible, no flyout). I also included the paypal-accessibility-plugin..."
Its an excellent place to start!
"Excellent, thanks for reporting back!"
"What options are there to pull a GApps user creation date? I saw that the Admin SDK is capable of it, is it the only API capable of doing this? does any of the previous one also capable of? If possible using GAS, it will be most excellent, Thank you!"
"i have 3 textbox for a valid phone : phone_part1 ,phone_part2,phone_part3 , how can i use jquery.validate to validate 3 as a valid phone_number: phone_part1: 3 number phone_part2: 4 number phone_part3: 4 number they both required , and if one of them is not valid , then output one validation message : please input a valid phone number. i'm not familiar with jquery.validate , thanks for any help !! and if you can do this use mvc data anotation attribute with client validation , that's pretty pretty good !! thanks"
"Thanks a lot, that's great!"
"I can animate the addition of a UIView to my app, it looks very pretty so thank you apple. However, how do I animate the removal of this view from the super view? I'm using: to animate the ""in"" transition ... how do you animate the ""out"" transition????"
"I'm using MongoMapper and am trying to come up with a way to use an abbreviated field name. I want to keep the keys as plain english but have the field names stored short (e.g. ""name"" maps to ""_n""). I noticed a conversation but it ended up closed () and I was wondering if anybody has an example of how to accomplish this. I'd be extremely grateful for any feedback!"
"This is excellent, thank you!"
+1: Serialization can be a pain. This really helped me out.
"I've got a table with a BLOB collum. What I want to do is get it to be able to pick out words and list them in order. For example if it contained: Bob Smith likes cheese but loves reading Charlie likes chocolate milk Charl loves manga but also likes cookies Then I would get likes loves as a result... is this possible and if so how? I'd like to be able to do it in just mysql alone, but I can use php as well. Thanks in advance, kenny"
"Excellent, thanks!"
"I'm selecting data from a table where one of 3 columns matches a given search string: But I need to order the results depending on where the match was found, based on a column weighting. I.e. if the match was found in the MODEL column then the row should appear higher in the results than if the match was found in the MANUFACTURER column. With the weighting being 1-MODEL 2-MANUFACTURER 3-DESCRIPTION. All help hugely appreciated, thanks!"
I use GIT on windows with and i'm loving it! .
"I'm trying to open a different ajax modal for each table row clicked. So I did this: That, however doesn't work - while this does: If anyone could please point me in the right direction I would be extremely happy :)) Thanks everyone!:)"
"Excellent, thanks!"
"PHPExcel, so you did wrote that library. Excellent! For now max entries of CSV is 100,000 for a test. Maybe I lurk around with it if you introduce how to do that? thanks"
Excellent much cleaner!
This will answer your question: Good luck!
No upvotes? I'll give you the first one!! Excellent domain issue regarding these kind of apps!
This project looks very promising - thanks!
"Excellent, thanks! This was very useful to me."
"That's right, I have no plans to replace the existing system, sidecar is an excellent analogy."
"Great thanks fung! It was especially the ""Starting Our Debugging Session"" section that helped."
"Thanks to your excellent instruction, I understood enough to figure out what was going on and also what was needed! Here's what I came up with. It's clunky but it does the job! Thanks again everyone."
I need some drawings in my tableview. How can i do this. Any help will be greatly appreciated!!
"Hey, I am trying to further my knowledge of javascript and was wondering if anyone could explain to me what exactly is happening in the script below: Most importantly, why are there 4 'google_ ad_ ...' at the beginning and what is the purpose of them? A line by line explanation would be awesome :) Thanks for any help. I really appreciate it."
"We could, but that'd mean installing wsdl2ruby and so on and so forth. Sometimes Dog Slow is fine :-)"
"How do I pull a single column of data out of a filled dataset? I have a filled dataset object, with a variety of tables. I need to get all of the data that is stored in a particular column in one of the tables, and bind a ComboBox ItemSource to it. (This may require me to pull the data out and make it into a string collection ...) If anyone has any bright ideas, it would be very grateful!"
@ChrisW. No worries!
And it fits with MVVM. +1
+1 Excellent explanation!
"+1, excellent link, thanks (but then anything by Celko is bound to be!-)"
Pretty new to this scene and trying to find some documentation to adopt best practices. We're building a fairly large content site which will consist of various media catalogs and I'm trying to find some comparable data / architectural models so that we can get a better idea of the approach we should use using a framework we've never made use of before. Any insight / help would be greatly appreciated!
"Wow, great site, and people I got in an answer in less then 5 minutes! Thanks SLaks!"
I saw questions about GWT + SPRING + HIBERNATE integration but none is clear or up to date with the current versions! Please if there is anyone who has a clear and simple example of the integration (form submit and saving in DB) I will be extremely thankful! If you could put the simple project in a ZIP and upload it (with its jars it will be great) Thank you!
"Excellent points, David. I think in Corey's case, he doesn't have an Access front end so our posts are for general knowledge that applies to most Access developers."
For Java see this excellent article
"Amazingly extensive answer, thank you! I learned something today!"
"I agree it's very ugly, but it does work! Well spotted."
"I am relatively new to AngularJS and am loving every moment of it! I have an unordered list of products. When the user hovers over them, I need the list element to have an class set on them. I am currently doing it this way: And my showDetails is as follows: Now, everything is working just fine, however, I was wondering if it was possible to set the class without the ng-repeat and having no variable to bind to? How should I write my showDetails function to set the class this time? My first try is: But what do I do in the ng-class attribute?"
"I am using LLBLGen Pro 2.5 with self-servicing. If I want to add some rows into my tables within a transaction and then update the first row I added, do I have to add that first entity into the transaction object again? Here is a fictional example of what I mean: Any advice would be greatly appreciated!"
I loved the visualization of the race. Well done.
"Just a personal opinion, not an actual answer but... I love those login forms (not pages) which just shows up in the center of the page and after you type in your username and password you are logged in without ever leaving the current page!"
"I am looking to have an embedded youtube video with several images below it that correspond to different youtube videos. I want to set it up so that when an image is clicked on, the video above changes to whichever video corresponds with the clicked image. An implementation of this can be seen here: I am trying to implement this into a wordpress site and I really only have skill in HTML and CSS. I would very greatly appreciate if someone could help me with the code for this!"
For a good c compiler use . It is an excellent compiler which a huge device database to select from! You can use keil to generate a Hex file (in the Intel hex file format). You can then load the hex file into to simulate your design and see the output!
"Great comment! In my case it doesn't get larger than 64bit, but it is still interesting, what to do if it does? Why should I use ""double"" in such case?"
"Wow, thanks for the answers! This helps a lot."
"Excellent, I'll try that now, thank you!"
Excellent - thanks!
@mludd: excellent!
"Get Updated. Not that I'm that a Java Fan, but I'm working now with a Java Team and they do deserve the respect :) See comment by SztupY"
"This is excellent! Thanks Dustin, that's exactly what I was looking for!"
Absolutely Beautiful!
"Excellent, thankyou!"
@Jon no worries!
Thanks. That was a really great pointer!
Very nice articles!
AutoHyperlinks (https://bitbucket.org/sholt/autohyperlinks2/overview) is a pretty excellent library for this purpose.
"Couldn't agree more about TextPad being an excellent editor (my personal favourite). However, whilst it does search over multiple files (and very quickly at that) it doesn't do search and replace over multiple files."
"@Daniel Lee: That is an excellent video! I had downloaded Automapper, but wasn't sure how to use it on anything more than the simplest object mappings. I love how some of the concepts shown help keep the code DRY."
"That's really an excellent post, thanks for pointing that out!"
"this worked excellently, great job! :)"
@knatten - Great Idea! Please update the table at the end :)
To add on to mwigdahl's excellent post: [here](https://ribosome.helixcommunity.org/2005/devdocs/FuncLevelLinking)'s a link that explains how to achieve FLL for g++ -- this may give you some additional insights.
"Hopefully this will provide some ideas as to how to adapt a timer based approach for your needs: If your needs are more sophisticated then a TThread based approach may be more appropriate. But whatever you do, do NOT resort to Application.ProcessMessages it will only cause you grief !"
"So I found this. If you do a ""Ctrl+O"" it brings up a small window called the quick outline. In this I can use wildcard (*) while searching which is extremely useful!"
"If you read the FB.init documentation, there are some parameters that can be used while defining . One of the parameter is which- Determines whether XFBML tags used by social plugins are parsed, and therefore whether the plugins are rendered or not. Defaults to false.You said that in case of pure javascript the like plugin worked that's beacause you must have set to . To get your jquery code to work simply define this paramter to true which is false by default- and it shall work. Good luck!"
No worries just making sure that you had solved it!
"Yes, you need two view controllers. Check out lesson 7 from Stanfords CS193P iPhone Application Programming course. It is available online. Both slides and the lecture through iTunes U. I really enjoyed watching the course!"
I finally worked it out - the sql directory needed to have a folder named 'rapt_setup' with the sql inside that!? Doh! But as J.S provided so much help I still want him to receive the answer points :)
You can try the (very) comprehensive jeff's OR go with this simple workaround: And then declare the attribute as an integer: This worked very fine for me! =D
"Right, since you recognize EAV, I'm supposing you'll do fine :3 Good luck!"
"Mika Tuupola: If you are Interested in my modified jeditable (added two callback events), you can . It would be great if you would provide these events in your official version of jeditable! Here is my (simplified) integration code. I use the events for more then just for the hover effect. It's just one usecase."
"This is my own program written in C++. It works really great! I just need to go to the next step and reassemble the TCP packets, I haven't a clue where to go next, as there is next to nothing on this out there!"
"Almost Everything explained above, hope this too helps ! SQL SERVER – Difference Between CURRENT_TIMESTAMP and GETDATE() – CURRENT_TIMESTAMP Equivalent in SQL Server. See this ."
"Would you happen to have another column in your table where you can group them as ""1 2 3 4"" , ""1 2 3 4"", etc?It would look something like this:1st column | second columnA | 1B | 1C | 1D | 1A | 2B | 2C | 2D | 2If you order it by 2nd column, it will return 1 1 1 1 2 2 2 2. But since you have another column, you can do order by 1st column, 2nd column, and it will be 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2.This ia ofcourse assuming that you have a field like 1st column. But given that you're looking at having them order like 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 4, there must be something in your other fields that can help you achieved that Hope this helps!"
@acidzombie24: My pleasure! :)
I recently started reading about CoffeeScript and it looks absolutely amazing! However I can't seem to figure out if there's an easy way to access/use external JavaScript apis. I use OpenLayers extensively so could someone show me how the following snippet would be written in CoffeeScript?
"And on that note, if there is a library out there that does, that will do fine :)"
"To get the width of the image you can use this code: You could use this in the document preamble to create a new command to automatically set the width: and then, in your document: I hope this helps!"
The following will mirror your dev DB up to production on heroku: heroku rake db:push but what you probably really need(ed) to do was run the migration heroku rake db:migrate Good luck!
"It's not a homework, and since there is nowhere on the internet how to solve this, I came up here. @pmr Excellent proposal! :)"
Wow!! The question sounds like question for working in the kitchen. I am amazed the names used for the tools :)
"If you only need the count (like you express in your original question), you could do: Hope it helps!"
"I have a long scrolling page, and want to test if an element is 100px from the top, then apply a class elsewhere (until the next element in line is 100px from the top) If I could just get the basic statement I would be ecstatic, anything extra would be a bonus!"
"Hi there, I was able to set the focus back on the selected item after some research on similar issue. All i needed to do was, call the BeginInvoke method on the Dispatcher property of the Listbox and do the focus setting on the selecteditem in the listbox in the delegate method call which is as below: box.Dispatcher.BeginInvoke(DispatcherPriority.System.Idle, new focus(SetFocus),box); Where focus is the delegate and SetFocus is the delegate method where i get the selected item from the listbox and set focus on the corresponding listboxitem. Hope this helps!! Regards, Sowmi"
"I have no clue if this approach would be feasible or not, but then there are two things you could try:1.Create a singleton class where you and the arraylist. The class might look like this: To access the list you could write: is the name of the getter method and before getting it set it. Else you might get .Also a receiver might start before the list is filled. So always check for null before you use it.2.The other option is you store the list in a cache object like Check for even in this case in the broadcast receiver before using it.Hope that helps!"
"I may have a solution for you: 1. Go into google chrome settings 2. Click advanced settings 3. Click show advanced settings. 4. Under ""privacy"" click content settings 5. Go to the media section (near the bottom) and click ""Allow all sites to use a plugin on my computer"" Really hope this helps! If you extra help, check out this for more information."
"Ah, excellent! :)"
"Have a look at . I've tried to get my ""MSN Invite contacts"" function working right now and that's what I've found this far. Works excellent!"
I have exactly the same issue and am extremely interested in whether you found any solution.
"You could go with for free, or something like (which is EXCELLENT) if you are willing to pay. I hope I've understood your question."
"Still using HeidiSQl, it's excellent!"
"I am not familiar with the instance manager, but I have used on several systems (including a remotely hosted server) with great success. It supports MySQL 5.0 and 4.1."
"Excellent! Did you know that you can answer your own question and accept it as **the** answer. This is considered a good practice, because it helps people looking for answers see that there is an answer and it helps them find the answer. If the answer is only in comments, the question will appear unanswered."
Great! I learn a new very useful information about DirectShow :-)
