"That's the way I do it too. Oracle's Create or replace is way better, I hate to repeat code."
It's very painful to add multiple tickets to Trac or to have it as your own todo list. That causes people to use their own task management tools so tasks are then spread all around. Is there any plugin or macro that would quicken the process of adding a ticket?
That's terrible :(
That's depressing :/ Are you sure I can't get a collection of all controls on the page with a particular class and give them a single data source?
"I am sorry to say this but most Silverlight grids do not support cell merging. At least not out of the box. I have resorted to using Component One studio for Silverlight in order to achieve this, and even then it hasn't been exactly a walk in the park. Consider C1 Data Grid control. Here is a sample on with sample code and a small write up. The down side of such solutions is that C1's controls are extremely expensive :( I wish Micro$oft came up with some enhancements in SL5 that would accommodate for such issues."
"Its really sad :( to hear ""We cann't fix Footer or Header view"".. it always get scroll with rows."
* oh so very sad * :(
"I'm not for sure how the ControlCollection of ASP.Net works, so maybe someone can shed some light on this for me. I recently discovered the magic that is extension methods and Linq. Well, I was very sad to find that this isn't valid syntax However from what I can tell, does implement the interface which provides such methods, so what gives? Why doesn't that just work? I have found a decent work around for this issue at least:"
"I've updated the fiddle. I had to use classes to get it to work, so its not 100% perfect imo."
"Not sure this answers the question accurately, what does everyone else think?"
"I'm afraid I can't really accept an answer here as it turns out that it can't really be done, without using a workaround, which I didn't want to do. Sorry!"
"If it's forms auth then yes, that's weird. I'm afraid I don't have any idea!"
"Is packed-decimal part of the EBCDIC format, or is this just a file which happens to use both? I'm not familiar with that format, I'm afraid :("
Right ... if only I was using SQL server.. Informix unfortunately :( :( :(
That's really sad...
"My guess is that you would have to extend the classes for DataTip, to check for NULL hitData objects, to kill/stop the drawing of the display. I do not think there is a way to do that normally in FLEX. You would have to customize and override the hitData class unfortunately. What a pain!!"
"Perhaps I am missing something, but I am just learning javascript. My understanding of Single Origin Policy is that Google Analytics should not be able to send data back to Google. How is it able to transmit send data to Google without violating the policy?"
Excellent Answer :-)
"I'm not knowledgeable in the whole ""server-side"" idea. Right now, I just want to start learning how to send data from a windows mobile phone application to a server. I'm pretty good at C# and making apps. I just need to learn how to send data from and to a server/mobile application. I am using Silverlight (The latest one) as the API for my windows phone app. At the moment, a ""hello world"" sort of program would be awesome. Any help is is extremely appreciated! Subby~"
"@Bakuriu, thanks for your answer! :) That `class MainWindow(QMainWindow, Ui_MainWindow)` was surprising but excellent!"
"I placed all the receiver tags in : And implemented my subclass: This works very fine!!! But... The method is called AFTER uninstall was completed but BEFORE users press OK at confirmation activity showed by native system. I wanna, if exists, receive a broadcast AFTER user press OK. Thanks!"
"In VS 2008, there are XML code snippets that seem to be pretty awesome :) However, it seems that the snippets we created do not indent properly. For example if we have the following code: We get something like: Is there any way to make it so that all lines keep the same indentation?"
I'm loving .
That's super great ! @JoshuaNozzi Thanks !!!
Loved this solution!
Great tutorial. Really appreciate it!
"I know techsmith has a screen recorder api called that you can access programatically. I haven't used it, but I've used the snagit api by the same company and it's excellent."
"An alternative to recording would be to use the MS Speech API with C#, enter the words via keyboard, and have it state what was keyed in. Just a thought... Good luck on your app -- it sounds like a really cool program!"
thanks dana-- that's really great! any way to add a slider to control zoom level?
"Your implementation looks absolutely fine to me! A range-based away subscript is a type for performance reasons. It does not copy the indicated sub-array, instead it just points to the range defined by the you provide to the subscript."
"in my database I have these two tables (Project and Theme). I also have a middle table called Project_Theme which contains ProjectID and Theme. In Theme there are about 15 values pre-setted. I am able to display all these themes into checkboxes however I don't know how to save them in my database. Here is my controller : Here is my model : And my second model : Finally here is my create view : So please if there is anyone that could help me, It would be really great :)"
An excellent `pushd`/`popd` installation appears [here](http://blogs.oracle.com/nico/entry/ksh_functions_galore) in one of Oracle's blogs - presumably relating to its use in Solaris.
Wow - excellent! How did you find this age old question? :)
Excellent!!! This is exactly what I am looking for!
Excellent pair of web casts (30 minute videos) where Patrick Smacchia and Filip Ekberg talk through some of the features of nDepend and how to use them:
Great question!! I'm hoping to use something like migrations with Django too.
"Almost works. You have to seek to one less then write a byte, otherwise you still end up with a 0B file. Still very helpful, thanks! Correct Syntax too. If you want to edit, the extra line you need is OutFile.WriteByte(0);"
Fantastic work! You were correct to choose yours as the accepted answer. Really appreciate you sharing the script with us. :)
"Here are my tables. And here are my object classes I'm brand new to dapper and orm in general, so please bare with me. Would a many-to-many relationship be possible to map out with dapper? If so, could someone provide a coding sample, that would be extremely helpful! I am also open to switching to a heavier orm if that would make these advanced mapping scenarios a lot simpler."
"I found an excellent tutorial on how to create site columns and content types - here : (THANKS AGAIN ROB!) Does anyone know of a written or video tutorial that will explain how to create a list and list instance in MOSS 2007. I use WSP Builder, and the build in templates from Microsoft aren't compatible (or up to the task). Preferably a method that focuses on the CAML (xml) , and explains in detail the theory, and demonstrates how it is done. Thank you."
"First: I like your approach of being concentrated on a clean and proper state handling of your application.Excellent! But, as you said: Android can kill activities and manage their lifecycle for itself. The OS may release memory allocated for your activity as soon as possible requiring you to allocate it again. This means your fragment may or may not get destroyed. As you can see in your stack trace, FragmentActivity.onCreate is called.This obviously inddicates your existing resources created within the context of the old activity are not access - able anymore. The only context that is guaranted to exist through your application lifecycle is the application context. For all other resources you should be aware and handle properly that created resources may be invalid at the time you are trying to access them."
"Use Web Essentials... it works really great, and has lots of other useful tidbits!"
@Oded thank you this tool is very great!
"No worries, I have definitely done that before while copying a url from jsfiddle!"
"I'm worndering how I can add 2 rows, of which 1 depends on another, in 1 transaction. Reason I an doing is that the library I'm using does not return the rowid, and I need to commit the transaction as less as possible as I'm adding over a few million records! Just for the record I'm using: SQL Server 2008 Python pyodbc Any idea? Would be really awesome :)"
I really love anonymous inner classes...
i wonder if there is something similar to Sql Profiler for Sql Server Compact Edition? i use SqlCE as backend for a desktop application and it would be really great to have something like sql profiler for this embedded database. or at least something simliar to the NHibernate show_sql feature... any ideas? thanks j.
"Here is the good example of getting twitter-like UI for ipad app. , its really awesome!!!!! It provides : cascade views orientation support bouncing effect"
"I have a .dll file and the .lib file for it. The DLL talks to an electronic key reader, and allows you to read/write the key ID. This is the only documentation that comes with: I have never used DLL before and really have no idea how I am supposed to use it in a C program. I really have no idea what do past this: If someone could show me an example how how to get DevicePresent and how to use WriteKeyId I would be very greatful!"
"I knew about the _viemurc/.viemurc file, but I didn't realize you could map commands to VS ones with vsc. Very good tip!"
Oh! Excellent!! Worked like a charm!
"I have two classes, a GUI and a Customer class. The GUI builds the frame and button, and the Customer class gets the info from a database server. I have the ActionPerformed in the Customer class, but it doesn't appear to be noticing when I click the button. Any help is extremely appreciated! GUI Class: Customer Class:"
I have created a class to dynamically put together SQL function statements within a project. I have found this class to be pretty useful and would like to incorporate into future projects namespace connectionClass { } I want to be able to dynamically input the project name without having to do it myself for every different class! the connection string will be defined within the properties settings in VS. Any help would be greatly appreciated:)
#ERROR!
No worries man!
I am learning ML. Can some one please help me out with basic input/output functions in ML?? I just want to read input from console and store it in a variable and use it in my ML program. Please help. If you can point me towards some example for this also it would be super great!!! Thank you.
"Ryan Oberoi makes an excellent suggestion, but it's a bit overkill for my small ASP.NET MVC web application. I like Lobstrosity's idea since it could apply to any class tag and its short and simple... just what I need. Both are good answers yet one solves the general question (involving a css framework) and the other one solves my specific need... I guess I should select Ryan's response as the solution as it would probably help others more... any suggestions?"
I can't get any event triggers to work. A simplified example of what I'm doing is below - I know there is a event on Border since it is defined in but I'm still getting Cannot convert string 'MouseEnter' in attribute 'RoutedEvent' to object of type 'System.Windows.RoutedEvent' as soon as i run the application. Any help would be hugely appreciated.
Here are some useful info from Apple:
"I have a query that is simply selecting from 3 tables. select from the comments table for all comments on an article select from UserID table to find what kind of user it is IF the user is one type, search one table...ELSE search another table for the final info. How would I go about this? I'm a little new at MySQL stuff, so i totally appreciate your patience! PS - let me know if this isnt clear... Thanks!"
"@CalebHuitt-cjhuitt: Excellent — that works! Thank you very much. If you'd like some brownie points, please submit it as an answer and I'll mark it as the correct answer."
"Firebug is an excellent tool to to show a screen media CSS for some HTML element, but is there a way to look at the print media CSS too? Or is there any other tool to see the print media CSS?"
"Oh, but [requests](http://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/index.html) *is* especially great. imho"
"Excellent question and I agree, it should be throwing an HTTP Not Authorized status."
+1 for calling out the binding method.
I modified your code and here is a working Downloader class. (@SébastienNussbaumer improved this answer and @TobiasKienzler reviewed changes: thanks a lot guys!) Simple to use: Output when download complete: Enjoy:-) And the event class:
"I want to programatically detect if my site is within the Facebook iFrame app so I can display certain features specifically for Facebook. Otherwise if someone goes site without Facebook. Preferably an FBML, C# or JS solution would be great :) Thx!"
This might help you understand/explore things a little bit more. An excellent article! Cheers!
@AndrewLazarus - Excellent point!!
"I would like to strip everything in a string before a - and leave what's after that. For example: 15.11-101 I want to strip 15.11 and leave 101. I've tried a few different things, but can't seem to get it working, if anyone could help me out, that'd be fantastic :) Cheers Leanne"
"How come this doesn't work (operating on an empty select list But this does: Replace: var dropdownList = $(""#requestTypes""); With plain old javascript: var dropdownList = document.getElementById(""requestTypes""); Any insights greatly appreciated!!"
"Very direct question, i need to know if its possible and maybe where to start reading about that. Im a programmer with zero experience in windows servers and a client is asking if we can deliver in their windows boxes(and no they wont let us use any kind of virtualization in them). Thanks guys, i know its not 100% programming related but... hope you can help =) EDIT: Wow, fast reply! Thanks guys!!!"
"So I'm trying to write a RR Rotation and LL Rotation with Java for an AVL tree. I have most of it figured out, however I don't know where I should modify the height within the method. I've been trying to understand it for a few days here but I cannot figure out where exactly it would go in the method I currently have. If someone could help explain exactly where I should put the modifications for the height of the node (it uses getLeft/setLeft for it's left height and getRight/setRight for it's right height) it would be extremely helpful!"
"Works excellent, many thanks!"
"As mentioned above, some of the fundamental Object Oriented Design principles are OCP, LSP, DIP and ISP. An excellent overview of these by Robert C. Martin (of Object Mentor) is available here:"
I am using Opencart 1.5.5.1. I would like an order confirmation email sent to the regional sales representative when an order is placed in their region... such as west of the Mississippi. I thought it might be possible through geozones? but I haven't figured out a way to do it. I have been researching this for days... Any suggestions would be HUGELY appreciated! Thanks in advance.
Have you actually implemented this successfully? It sounds like a great solution!
loved your line NSIndexPath *indexPath = [NSIndexPath indexPathForRow:0 inSection:1];. +1 for you ;)
"If it has a lot of cup holders, that'd be awesome, too!"
"Excellent - now if I set the main ImageView layout_weight to 3 and the inner LinearLayout to 1, I get the 75/25 effect I wanted too! Thanks Kevin!"
"@R.., excellent reading, many thanks! :D"
"I think that solution is now ready. Here's the code: David Wasser you are extremely helpful, thanks!"
"I have a virtual machine running windows 2003 server running MOSS 2007. This virtual machine is not being run on my dev machine, but on a different machine on the network. I can ping both the host and guest OS from my dev machine. I just need to know, if it is possible, how to configure visual studio 2008 to deploy the web parts/projects/etc to the remote VM when I do this: Any input will be greatly appreciated! Thanks."
I absolutely *love* your title! But your question will need some more details if you need some help. Do you have any code you've tried?
"I'm using MongoMapper and am trying to come up with a way to use an abbreviated field name. I want to keep the keys as plain english but have the field names stored short (e.g. ""name"" maps to ""_n""). I noticed a conversation but it ended up closed () and I was wondering if anybody has an example of how to accomplish this. I'd be extremely grateful for any feedback!"
Excellent! Thank you so much!
I have a file containing unsigned 64 bit integers in little endian format shown below I'm looking for a way to read these numbers in and then convert them to their decimal equivilant The code I have so far is as follows: which gives me the following output from the first number I've been looking at how to use structs for this as it seems like it is what it was made for but I've been unable to find the correct syntax using them. Any help would be hugely appreciated!
Excellent tool! Thanks for making it available.
"I'm a new user to the site, and new to VBA. I'm just trying to get the contents of multiple text boxes (from many different sheets) into one sheet. Right now, I've been stuck on getting the information from a single text box into a variable. At this point in time, I just want it to retain the line feeds (new line, enter, return, etc). Even if I could just copy/paste the information, at this point, I can't even access the text box via VBA. If anyone could help out, that'd be really great! Thanks."
"Like others I'm using larger fonts, since getting on the plus side of fifty. Most recently I started using the Consolas typeface and have really enjoyed it. Fixed width indents well. The clear differences between lowercase L and number 1 and the letter O and zeronumber 0 for example also makes this a really good programming font."
"I tried PekWM for some time. I really liked it. It allowed me to group programs of the same type, for example: Terminals."
I've done much searching on this and can't seem to find an example that helps my case. I have an array like so: What I am trying to achieve is a new array with grouping like the following: Any pointers would me hugely appreciated!
Ah - excellent - thanks!
"Try this: If you are really finding yourself getting interested in SpriteKit, then I suggest you expand your knowledge with some excellent tutorials. This will make your experience a lot less frustrating and put you on the road to becoming the next Angry Birds creator! Take a look at the tutorials on this site http://www.raywenderlich.com"
I really liked which C++ however you can easily translate that to C# the author has a web site too.
"That's a great link! Donut caching, when using the WebFormViewEngine also works with the declarative control too."
This is answered . The concept was implementing with the tags such as and within the and div. Excellent answer!
"Well, again thanks for your help, it works very great! Have a nice day =)"
"I was wondering if is there any jQuery plugin or something to create a search bar similar to Mac's Mail app, where you can search inside specific categories, very awesome Thanks in advance!"
"Excellent! I'll try that. Hmm... I cant upvote yet, otherwise I would have :)"
"I have a xml similar to this one: The thing is, Im able to get all the info tags, but I get the results from all dates. I dont know what the dates will be, since the are dynamic generated. What I know is that I may have a data tag with one or two date tags I wish I could show the first date´s info on a list box and the second date´s info on another listbox. How can I do that? Desirable Output: If there´s a second date then print it too: Thx!"
Great link! Thanks. I might use this document if we move over to C++ in our robots.
this is gorgeous!
"You should definitely check out Jon Rista's three-part series on .NET 2.0 configuration up on CodeProject. Highly recommended, well written and extremely helpful! He shows how to create and use custom configuration sections, and goes on to explain how to use your own custom.config instead of or in addition to standard .NET config files. Marc"
"Ahh, I didn't know that the wsdl command line utility could generate one file for many asmx.... thats awesome! I'll try that out now. I can integrate that into our build process too. Great, thank!"
"As was noted in the comments the link is: He particularly piqued my interest with this quote: ""... in certain cases, you are simply better off working on getting more data, then spending your time on improving the algorithm..."" Excellent presentation and presenter ()! Highly recommended for anyone wanting to start down the path of machine learning."
"I have a piece of JSON string, which I want to parse in Erlang. It looks like: I looked at mochijson2, and a couple of other JSON parsers, but I really could not figure out how to do it. Any help greatly appreciated!"
I stumbled upon this site and really loved the way they have done the navigation on the left hand site. I noticed that site is using jquery but didnt see any plugins. Any ideas on how to go about doing this?
"Wrote it down for you, hope it works as you expected!"
"No worries, just run some tests and see what fits better your usecase!"
"I figured out, way of calling the Hub was not correct. For the time being i have modified my code as in Global.asax :- Works absolutely fine now :) Still figuring out better alternatives !!!!"
It proved the point. They are very excited about SO now.
"not for my company, so I don't have to worry ;-)"
"Here's the king daddy of database wiping scripts. It will clear all tables and reseed them correctly: Enjoy, but be careful!"
goooooooooooooood!
:) :) :) :) :) :)
"God, that was terrible; I left the link to my library as the one I use for my own server. Should work now... : ) And, Pim, they're not entirely random; the library's for my own personal use, so I tend to just pick letters that make sense to me: [r]eturn, [s]teps, [g]radient, [f]ade count..."
If this is true that's excellent news! I'll give it a try next app update...
Got it: I need to reference the class types through the createjs module. i.e. works absolutely fine!
"Hope it works, if you can upvote my answer I'd really appreciate it! :)"
"Ah, 400 million is a much less scary number!"
"You are very welcome! Learn programming, it's a lot of fun!"
"Hi I just started playing with Mongoose. It seems pretty awesome! Now coming from a Django background, how would one implement a type of options field like: So that it can be set like status = Open or something like that. Or should this just be a normal String field and I set it accordingly in my app?"
I can't find anything on google. This question is the last hope!
"There are two issues with your regex pattern: Firstly, you forgot to add the ^ at the beginning. this is why only the last characters were checked, or to say: you did not check the entire input. Secondly, your cyrill check did not seem to be correct. Still, I am not used to cyrillic letters and I should be careful before I judge ;) hope it helps!"
"For all your keydown/keyup/keyboard needs, use the jQuery hotkeys plugin. Saw this a few months ago and it never fails to impress it. Follow the jump for the plugin demo ... It maps ALL keys on a keyboard including combos. Hope it helps!"
"Wow, I've just had a look at the Corona SDK. It looks excellent! A really intuitive way to build apps. Thanks for the tip!"
Good luck with your image processing adventures! I found it very fulfilling on a technical level when I was in that area :)
I would use ! to get everything with tag just do: to get the value inside of span you could do: there are tons of differnt methods of getting the informaton you need Good Luck hope this helps!
"I'm really glad it worked! Btw, the best way to show appreciation on Stack Overflow if someone helps to solve your problem is to upvote their answer and mark it as solved :)"
You should . It has a lot of good packages. I found these packages to help you with zip files for example: The NPM registry is really amazing :)
Maybe this will be of some help -
I've been using the jQuery UI Calendar / Date Picker with great success over the last couple months. I've been given a new requirement to allow for a week to be selected (Sun - Sat) rather than a single day. Has anyone accomplished this before? highlighting by week rather than day show beginning date and ending date rather than single date in textbox / labels
updated the answer. This might help you! Great! then you might want to edit the java program and have the permission specified while the folder is created did you try chmod with 777 permission via terminal or php?
"Agile Development can't be sold using documentations. Instead, ask your management to let you be Agile on a small pilot projet. For this pilot project, you must: - find a motivated end user to help you. - be free not to use the standard developping processes of your company. Then, succeed !!!"
This worked for me.
did you run out of variable names? ;-)
Great! I'm glad you like it.
"Agree that you should ensure that your data is properly indexed. Apart from that, if you are worried about table size, you can always implement some type of data archival strategy to later down the line. Don't worry too much about this until you see problems cropping up, and don't optimise prematurely."
"Oh, I am scared!"
"After installing Node, fresh installation of Yeoman throws several warnings. Command Warnings I am not sure, whether I should be worried about these warnings or just ignore them! Either ways I want to understand the reason behind getting these warnings."
I'm afraid you cannot fetch that!The Graph API don't provide any API to do so.
exactly why i'm asking because thats what i fear!
A colleague recently asked me how to deep-clone a Map and I realized that I probably have never used the clone() method- which worries me. What are the most common scenarios you have found where you need to clone an object?
`Logger logger = new logger.getLogger` - I'd be more worried about the impending logpocalypse!
"Out of all that pseudocode, the only thing that really worries me is ""extracts code samples from file"". Reading files from a directory is trivial, saving a file is trivial. Regardless of the test framework I'd spend most of my time focusing on the parsing bit. For direct testing, I'd embed the snippets directly into the test case: Ah, I see another change I subtly made while writing the test: my ExamplesToCode.parse() returns an Array (or other iterable container), so that it can be tested apart from the iteration itself."
"I have set up the gravatar RoR plugin successfully (yeah!) but when someone does NOT have a gravatar account, I want it to display the identicon, which I guess shows up when d=identicon in the gravatar URL...but since I am using the plugin, I am basically saying gravatar_for (user) so...is there a way to add that value? Thanks!"
"Nice! I love the video software! lol. Had to download it. Anyway, I fixed the Open Modal, I didn't fix teh fixed modal. I'll get back to you in a minute"
Great time saver and hidden gem. Excellent!
"I have a script in which I need to process a file using ajax. Everything in the script works, except I can not get the right variable. I have tried everything and I currently have this in its place I was wondering if anyone could tell me how to successfully set whatever is in this field As a variable in the ajax script that I have. All help is extremely appreciated, thanks for the help!"
"@Bober02 if u are in this industry sooner or later you will ""meet"" Martin Thompson's excellent blog, I'm glad to introduce you to it. :) http://mechanical-sympathy.blogspot.com/2011/07/memory-barriersfences.html Happy reading!"
"No, unless there's a relevant IE zero day. Obviously, this would be a huge abuse of user privacy (if you want their name, ask them!)."
"How do I change the position of the sort button in header of the grid in Tapestry 5? I have column names of different lengths and I break lines on spaces, so the button, which is appended to the end of the column names, always ends up in different height. And that is very ugly :("
Im trying to work with this awful language and I have to change an item of list by accessing to it with index I dont understand the awful syntax of TCL! How can I realise it?
"You forgot regression tests - it is a real pain for a manual tester to run through hundreds of forms just to check for some basic stuff which could be easier done automatic. Better spare the tester this tedious stuff, so he can concentrate on the nasty testing."
"When querying from the database using Entity Framework, what exceptions should one catch and what should be done about them? Generally I use because I have no specific action or feedback for every possible type of error, but I am constantly reminded that this is a terrible idea and that specific exceptions should be caught and handled! Example: What are the standards/guidelines for handling EF exceptions?"
"I have a table that is referenced by a ton of other tables via foreign keys. I am trying to delete a Document record, and according to my execution plan, SQL Server is doing a clustered index scan on every one of the referencing tables. This is very painful. I thought having a FK automatically made an index on the FK fields? Or am I wrong? Do I really have to go around my database putting an explicit index on every single FK field?"
@wst It doesn't even have the decency to return the same map? That is really terrible.
"For various reasons Microsoft decides that some info should be kept away from developers. But people through reverse engineering find out what these reserved fields are about and produce their own documentation. Some times people guess correct. Some times Microsoft makes breaking changes, and people scream ""How dare you!"". And life goes on."
-1 for not explaining or giving details. I hate these types of questions!
I really hate regex in principle. can it be done in a plane script or something?
"I've seen this bug in resharper 4.1. It happens when the base class is in the App_Code directory. Don't know how to fix it, very annoying, code still compiles though."
more than 7? How about more than 2 or 3? Remembering the argument ordering in constructors is a real pain.
I really hate that object...
"The .NET installation is one of the most painful setups of all history, in all means possible. I've did many such setups and about half of them even *crashed* for XP."
"You are processing the newline character as if it is legitimate input. You should either read the entire line (including the newline, perhaps using a ) and then process the first character of the line or simply add a test to skip newlines in your loop logic.P.S. Converting case by adding or subtracting 32 is a really awful approach. It won't work with anything but a-z and A-Z (in the English alphabet). It won't work for most characters outside the Basic Latin block and shouldn't be used at all for characters that have no alternate case (such as newline). You should be using and instead."
"james, the stack trace under that is just my function name. Nothing more. very frustrating :("
"I guess that works, but I'd never do that. It's screaming bad practice. Think about code readability etc.. Come back to your code in six months and figure out all the function calls inside your HTML markup."
"In Bash, you use parameter expansion: In your case, say . No need to go overboard and cry for regexes at the slightest provocation -- Bash has plenty of power!"
I hate it none of the specified answers worked for me....
"@Rob same problem, nothing. very disgusting"
"does a similar thing (and yes, i find the 'pc' moniker for windows machines very disgusting)"
"I found this code (full version here ) It's work for me but now i don't know how to stop it (for making test it's horrible, my new php file not interpreted!)"
"Is there any way to have a statement across multiple lines without the underscore character? It is really annoying in multi-line strings such as SQL statements, and especially LINQ queries. Beside from the ugliness and difficulty when changing a line (nothing lines up anymore) you can't use comments in the middle of the multi-line statement. Examples of my daily personal hell."
"Actually it's not as bad as it looks - Perl's File::Copy is horribly broken (for example it doesn't copy file permission on Unix and other stuff), so many ""high profile"" hackers actually use system('cp', $target, $destination) or similar stuff"
"Our QA team uses HP Quality Center for defect tracking, test plans, etc. The dev team really detests Quality Center and wants to use JIRA for internal task tracking. Can these two systems work seamlessly together? I have worked on projects where 2 teams used separate issue-tracking systems and keeping them in sync was a major headache. Anyone have real-world experience integrating Quality Center and JIRA?"
"Alan, I assume some people already hate you just for asking. And they have a point."
"The following code to use results in black image no capture, why? Note that adding before capture has no effect! Googling has been completely useless for this case, so far!"
"Work-around (horrible horrible invasive work-around) I got around this by subclassing UIApplication to track all screen touches. By holding on to the last touch location, I can, in the delegate, map the location to the link to determine whether or not it should be considered valid: MyCustomApplication.m (use it in main.m) And map it..."
"I had the problem that white was the ""Overscroll"" color, not actually the fading edge. try this (assuming you want a fading edge, but not the horrid white glare when you hit the ends! (otherwise set requires fading edge to none)):"
"So only workaround which works for me is to add this js to template of my site..But its really awful solution, since I only need it in one article/module"
"I use the gem for transparent usage of Memcached. Using the supplied config file it is enabled on all modes (development, test, production). Is there a way to only activate cache-money in production mode? It's not immediately clear how to do this, and it's a total pain dealing with caching in development mode."
Trying to get S60 SDK working on Linux is quite a pain. Still struggling with that.
"This will compile a regular expression that matches one or more This opens the file located at for reading, assigning the subsequent file object to the variable the function of file objects returns a list of the lines of the object. It is exactly identical to on systems that use as a newline. (Windows typically uses ) This splits the FIRST element of ( ) including everything but the LAST element ( ) on the regex you defined earlier (that, again, catches all -> )Note that this is really awful code. There's no reason to use a regex here, and using when you're only looking for the first line is kind of like building an engine so you know what the spark plugs look like. This is better:"
This is extremely unsafe! Use `mysqli` or `pdo` instead of `mysql_`.
Is it possible to prevent a user from editing the title of a node on the node edit screen? One of the things I really detest about Drupal is the rigidity of the title & body field in each node.
"The screen which shows whenever i start Netbeans is very annoying, and among the hundreds of options I can't find the one which turns it off?"
because it is terribly difficult to get right. But I mention `boost::iterator_facade`.
This is how I would do it... I really hate javascript popups...
"The error occurs because is looking in the wrong environment (i.e., not inside the data frame). You could explicitly specify the but that would be ugly, awful code. Much better to use as Iselzer suggests."
"Its absurdly late/early so maybe I'm just tired, but can anyone tell me why in the world the following test is not failing? Really need a second pair of eyes to confirm I'm not crazy...now I'm worried that all my tests are unreliable."
"The problem is that ""Hello World"" is a terrible example to use with TDD. You really need something that generates variable output based on variable input."
"Well asp.net is problematic by itself in many ways. I can only imagine how the page is coded, but mostly asp.net submits are done in a very painful way through _doPostback where it sets additional hidden fields. You might want to try reading this and reviewing the generated html of the page"
"This is how you find the arc length given the parameter, but finding equidistant points requires the inverse of this function. Getting from one to the other is not trivial. @Christian Romo: how did you do it? I mean, you can just use binary search, but that would be horribly slow (for what I'm trying to do, anyway)."
We have a 3-tier web application written in ASP.Net Webforms where we will not be able to port it - recession really sucks! - to MVC. Our goal is to implement a plugin architecture. One way would be to use the App_Code folder. Are there any better alternatives?
"I hate Dev-C++ but because of a library, I have to use it!!! What's the matter for Dev-C++ or are there errors in my code about using referance variable? Error: 9 C:***\main.c syntax error before '&' token"
"I can't help think that making XML ad XMLList both unrelated, as in both extend Object directly, is a design flaw in the AS3 core library. Surely having XML extend XMLList would be a much cleaner system, where XML is considered an XMLList with only one member? This would also avoid the very annoying practice of an E4X query possibly returning either an XML or XMLList, which can result in a casting error. So is there any reason I'm not thinking of that XML and XMLList were designed to only have Object as a common type?"
"I am working on a test application based on ASP.NET MVC. I am new to CSS stuff so I am learning that as well. I have created a master page called ""new.master"" and created a new css ""new.css"". I am calling the view from controller as: What I am doing is that I am frequently updating the css and master page. So I run the application in debug mode frequently. After sometime I stop seeing the effect of changes in css. When I ""view source"" in chrome and check the css, it shows an old version. When I change the name of both master page and css, I start to receive updated views but that works for sometime and then again I stop getting the CSS updates. Have you faced this problem? How can I fix it? (Its terribly annoying!)"
"When running graphics based programs in Python for S60 (PyS60) the error messages and the output of the print statement (i.e. stdout) are hidden. If due to an error application stops working as expected its lost and tracking down the bug is very difficult, sometimes require running a ""second stripped version"" of the code. This is obviously painful. How do I log those errors to a file, so that I may see them later."
"These will not jump: They are, however, soul destroying and extremely ugly."
"Each tab in my xcode project can have navigation/debug/utility menus open. If I close those menus on one tab, then switch to the next, they may be open. This is really frustrating! If I want the menus closed, I want them closed on all tabs. How can I change this behavior?"
"I'm working on a huge application and the extra steps you mentioned were really pain in the ass for me. So I developed a small proxy class that handles class method bindings. First I've added a small proxy class Then added a category accessor to NSApplication (I actually added this to my application delegate and implemented ) Now you are ready to bind class methods to the Application object, even in the interface builder, with the keyPath ."
"I have a BufferedWriter to which I use to write characters into a PipedInputStream. Based on keyboard events. But I am implementing a backspace handler, but I can see no way of doing so without unputc. I am almost falling back into using a string to buffer the current line. Perhaps, I could do a better job using Canvas instead. (God how I hate java!)"
"Maybe someone knows how to disable content assist only on 'else' keyword when working with PHP source editor in Aptana? As I really, really hate it with this keyword, because after newest release it's really messing with my workflow as after entering 'else' and pressing enter it replaces it with: and sometimes it decides to get rid of indents completely. Mind you I don't want to disable content assist completely, I just want to disable it for 'else' keyword."
"In my android app i'm trying to share an Open Graph including an object and an action. In my facebook app i added a story: and (is this ok?). When i try to add an image to the object in the OG i get above error. This is my code: here's the logcat: What am i doing wrong? Maybe i'm messing up some strings in the story, facebook tutorial is awful!"
"Wide lines are a #@$# in most diff'ing tools as well, which can make code reviews a pain."
How come this is considered programming related?
"This is very strange, what are you trying to do here. It looks very scary code. Where are your constructors?"
"Regexes are fraught. A regex that splits parameters on commas will get awfully confused if one of the parameters is `\""Hello, world!\""`."
"When I slide to a next image, or when the slider/carousel automatically switches to the next image the previous image disapears too fast, which gives it an extremely ugly look. I've made a video to make clear what I mean, can be checked over here. Anyone has an idea? Code for the carousel:"
that's an awful lot of swapping hold and pattern spaces...
"Hi I'm using the chrome inspector (F12) to try and analyze the z-index of a twitter bootstrap popover, and finding it extremely frustrating... Is there a way to freeze the popover (while shown) so that I can assess and modify the associated CSS? Placing a fixed 'hover' on the associated link does not cause the popover to appear."
"I am working with Eclipse (Indigo) to develop C projects. When I create a new C project in a new workspace, by default the ""Autosave before build"" option is not set. This is extremely frustrating, as autosave is usually the default behavior in other IDE's I worked on. I change some code, build and nothing seems to go as expected - until I remember that the option is not set... Is there a way to make Eclipse open a new workspace with this option set?"
"I guess I could do that. It's just a pain when in Microsoft Word I can hold down shift and drag to do this, but I can't in Visual Studio!"
"COM components are really a pain to manage, update, versioning, etc."
Is it possible to hide .svn files in the Open Resource dialog (Ctrl + Shift + R) of Eclipse? It's very annoying when you have hundreds of files... Cheers.
"Enumerating all partitions of a set is . Now, all permutations of all partitions of a set will be , although the example is a bit artificial. Now, to come up with a useful algorithm it's a totally different story. I am not aware of any such algorithm, and in any case its scaling will be absolutely awful."
"I currently have speakers set up both in my office and in my living room, connected to my PC via two sound cards, and would like to switch the set of speakers I'm outputting to on the fly. Anyone know an application or a windows API call that I can use to change the default sound output device? It is currently a bit of a pain to traverse the existing control panel system."
"When I refactor the following line: using Resharper's ""Use Object Initializer"", I get the following: I really hate this type of formatting because with longer object names and variables it just gets out of control. How can I get Resharper to do the following?"
"I have a serious problem which I can't a solution to. I need to authenticate a token in order to let the user login into my app, the problem is that even though I'm using the AsyncTask, and probably because of it, I can't authenticate it in time. Other problem that sometimes accurs is that I get the NetworkOnMainThreadException error... I'm really hopeless. Here's the flow - And here's my code - That's is the URLDownloader class -"
This code is scary :(
255 projects ! WOW ! well I can see that happening for what you do...
"Oh, yea, didn't notice, answers below this one are at most half a year old."
